the worst thing they can do to me is
take my license now they're definitely
planning to do that because the rule is
I have to be educated by people of their
choice at my expense for whatever length
of time they deem suitable until by
their standards I've learned whatever
the hell lesson I'm supposed to learn
and I can't even imagine what that
lesson would be it's like what don't
tweet don't speak don't tell my clients
the truth so how I don't know how to
learn that lesson I don't know how
they're going to measure whether or not
I've learned it I don't know who they're
going to get to measure it I have no
idea who they're going to get to teach
me